c:\Users\programutvikling\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\PubSub\Sales\bin\Debug\Sales.dll.config
c:\Users\programutvikling\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\PubSub\Sales\bin\Debug\Sales.dll
c:\Users\programutvikling\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\PubSub\Sales\bin\Debug\Sales.pdb
c:\Users\programutvikling\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\PubSub\Sales\bin\Debug\log4net.dll
c:\Users\programutvikling\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\PubSub\Sales\bin\Debug\NServiceBus.Core.dll
c:\Users\programutvikling\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\PubSub\Sales\bin\Debug\NServiceBus.dll
c:\Users\programutvikling\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\PubSub\Sales\bin\Debug\NServiceBus.Host.exe
c:\Users\programutvikling\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\PubSub\Sales\bin\Debug\log4net.xml
c:\Users\programutvikling\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\PubSub\Sales\bin\Debug\NServiceBus.pdb
c:\Users\programutvikling\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\PubSub\Sales\bin\Debug\NServiceBus.xml
c:\Users\programutvikling\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\PubSub\Sales\bin\Debug\NServiceBus.Core.pdb
c:\Users\programutvikling\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\PubSub\Sales\bin\Debug\NServiceBus.Core.xml
c:\Users\programutvikling\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\PubSub\Sales\bin\Debug\NServiceBus.Host.pdb
c:\Users\programutvikling\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\PubSub\Sales\bin\Debug\NServiceBus.Host.xml
c:\Users\programutvikling\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\PubSub\Sales\obj\Debug\Sales.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\Users\programutvikling\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\PubSub\Sales\obj\Debug\Sales.dll
c:\Users\programutvikling\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\PubSub\Sales\obj\Debug\Sales.pdb
c:\Users\programutvikling\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\PubSub\Sales\bin\Debug\Events.Sales.dll
c:\Users\programutvikling\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\PubSub\Sales\bin\Debug\Events.Sales.pdb
c:\Users\programutvikling\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\PubSub\Sales\bin\Debug\Events.Crm.dll
c:\Users\programutvikling\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\PubSub\Sales\bin\Debug\Events.Crm.pdb
