c:\Users\programutvikling\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\PubSub\Events\bin\Debug\log4net.dll
c:\Users\programutvikling\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\PubSub\Events\bin\Debug\NServiceBus.Core.dll
c:\Users\programutvikling\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\PubSub\Events\bin\Debug\NServiceBus.dll
c:\Users\programutvikling\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\PubSub\Events\bin\Debug\log4net.xml
c:\Users\programutvikling\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\PubSub\Events\bin\Debug\NServiceBus.pdb
c:\Users\programutvikling\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\PubSub\Events\bin\Debug\NServiceBus.xml
c:\Users\programutvikling\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\PubSub\Events\bin\Debug\NServiceBus.Core.pdb
c:\Users\programutvikling\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\PubSub\Events\bin\Debug\NServiceBus.Core.xml
c:\Users\programutvikling\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\PubSub\Events\bin\Debug\Events.Sales.dll
c:\Users\programutvikling\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\PubSub\Events\bin\Debug\Events.Sales.pdb
c:\Users\programutvikling\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\PubSub\Events\obj\Debug\Events.Sales.dll
c:\Users\programutvikling\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\PubSub\Events\obj\Debug\Events.Sales.pdb
C:\Users\ProgramUtvikling\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\NServiceBus\PubSub\Events\bin\Debug\Events.Sales.dll
C:\Users\ProgramUtvikling\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\NServiceBus\PubSub\Events\bin\Debug\Events.Sales.pdb
C:\Users\ProgramUtvikling\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\NServiceBus\PubSub\Events\bin\Debug\log4net.dll
C:\Users\ProgramUtvikling\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\NServiceBus\PubSub\Events\bin\Debug\NServiceBus.Core.dll
C:\Users\ProgramUtvikling\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\NServiceBus\PubSub\Events\bin\Debug\NServiceBus.dll
C:\Users\ProgramUtvikling\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\NServiceBus\PubSub\Events\bin\Debug\log4net.xml
C:\Users\ProgramUtvikling\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\NServiceBus\PubSub\Events\bin\Debug\NServiceBus.pdb
C:\Users\ProgramUtvikling\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\NServiceBus\PubSub\Events\bin\Debug\NServiceBus.xml
C:\Users\ProgramUtvikling\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\NServiceBus\PubSub\Events\bin\Debug\NServiceBus.Core.pdb
C:\Users\ProgramUtvikling\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\NServiceBus\PubSub\Events\bin\Debug\NServiceBus.Core.xml
C:\Users\ProgramUtvikling\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\NServiceBus\PubSub\Events\obj\Debug\Events.Sales.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
C:\Users\ProgramUtvikling\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\NServiceBus\PubSub\Events\obj\Debug\Events.Sales.dll
C:\Users\ProgramUtvikling\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\NServiceBus\PubSub\Events\obj\Debug\Events.Sales.pdb
